What are you doing here?
What? Is something there?
If you're a Special Forces soldier,
will they pick you up in a chopper? Would you be shot?
South Korean soldiers would not get shot.
They usually just get wet in the rain or snow.
And they have to clean up themselves after that.
Right?
Then what about the man who flew away?
Did someone fly away? Ran or flied away?
Either way, they have to.
Two UN workers active in the Gandamak region
have been kidnapped by the Taliban.
Next one, please.
This is the building where the hostages are held.
One team will enter from the northeast.
The other will enter from the southeast.
- Clear! - Clear!
You have 90 seconds
from entering to rescuing the hostages.
Is that clear?
No!
Operation failed! We're all dead.
It was a double booby trap. Pay your full attention!
I'm sorry.
Hey, man. What’s going on?!
How about you
and your Korean boy scouts go back home
and train with your mamas?
If you keep doing this,
I will no longer restrain myself.
-Pull him away. -Pull him away.
-Yes, beat him. –Keep doing.
If we don’t stop them, our captain may get killed.
He could kill him or he could be killed.
In a joint operation,
Special Forces soldiers of first teamwork
start a fight to see how good your partner is,
in order to confirm during war
if you can risk your life to your partner.
They aren't sparring. This is for real.
You can't interfere with them.
Let go.
Delta Force Captain, Blackbull!
Yes, sir!
707 Captain, Big Boss!
Break time’s over.
Back to work now!
Anyone got a problem?
- No, sir! -No, sir!
Last time I was the youngest applier,
I knew nothing so I wasn't nervous.
But I am so nervous this time.
I don't remember any of the questions
they asked. What should I do?
Don't worry. You'll get it this time anyway.
They won't fail you three times.
Right? The director told me that
my score was the highest in the information auditing.
Wow! Doctor Kim! Do you have a date?
I had an interview. After her.
She…
How did it go?
They didn't ask you much, did they?
Are you?
They knew you wouldn’t understand anything.
So they didn't have to ask questions.
I have to go. I have surgery.
Did she say the interview for the professor position?
She even failed the specialist test three times.
Four times.
They may accept her application for increasing the numbers.
Let's do this.
You can't find your operating room?
Professor Park is...
The director changed his mind.
I’ll do it for Professor Park. You're my assistant.
What are you doing?
Respiratory rate, 16. EKG is normal.
Let's start. Scalpel.
I heard that you helped Direction Park with his papers this time.
You bought him a watch.
Right-angled scissors.
You work so hard in the discussion meeting. Try to win his support?
The one who gave him a watch should win his support.
I just want to be approved by my own ability.
What are you doing? What did you touch?
It's a tension pneumothorax.
We have to help him decompress.
14 gauge needle.
I'm in charge here. I'll do it.
Then do it quickly!
Give me a 14 gauge needle.
What are you doing? 28 French 10 TD.
28 French…
It's a trap! Get down!
200 Joules! Charge!
300 Joules! Charge!
Mission complete! Hostages are safe.
Blood pressure and pulse are normal.
So lucky we pull it through.  You can finish it up.
I will.
If you're not good enough, practice more.
If you're not smart enough,
you should know it.
Why does she insist to do it even if she’s not capable?
I was so nervous earlier.
You did great today.
You did well.
You too.
By the way, what happened to your mom?
Is she still a single mom?
No!
Look!
Are you that happy?
You two…
Did he propose to you?
Yes. We bought the rings first.
Hi, sweetie!
Hi, darling!
How was the surgery?
You’re so capricious!
You said you needed
to talk to me in private.
What?
Right. Can you excuse us?
About what?
A patient.
Doctors should keep their information confidential.
Yeah.
Right. I'll see you later.
See you later, sweetie.
Sure, darling. See you.
What now? What is it?
I can't find my ring.
Before I went into the OR this morning,
I put it in my pants pocket.
But it lost.
You are so terrible, Lee Chi Hoon.
I hope I didn't drop it
in the patient's stomach.
What? You crazy idiot!
I found it. It was in my pocket of the surgery gown.
Stand up. Clench your teeth.
By the way, those two never leave the hospital.
When did she get pregnant?
This hospital is big.
Stop. You're making me blush.
Here. Ah…
Did he call you?
No.
I don't think he's the kind of guy who calls often.
Who is he?
Soldier, gunshots, and a chopper...
Is he a spy?
Is he?
What are you looking at?
His picture.
This is the only picture of him that I have.
What an idiot!
Have you eaten yet? I'm still clenching my teeth.
You can unclench now.
I'm off today.
Don't text or call me from now on.
I'm not going to answer it.
What's going on?
I have a date.
You're not meeting him like that, aren’t you?
You can’t do that!
How are you?
Why are you here so early?
We still have
two more hours to our date time.
Am I wrong?
I came early.
It's a nice feeling to look forward to seeing someone.
It's still not okay for you to come two hours earlier.
Why are you avoiding my eyes?
I feel a little insecure at the moment.
I'm not wearing any makeup.
I was going home to wash my hair and get changed.
You're already pretty enough.
Really?
Why? Because I'm beautiful inside?
If you can accept that, then I’ll quit.
Get in. I drive you home.
I guess you can’t.
Come on in. It's clean.
I don't have time to make a mess.
I'll wash my hair quickly.
By the way, I haven't eaten anything today.
I’m so hungry now.
How about we call a take out?
I wanted to take you to a fancy restaurant.
Are you okay with take-out food?
I'm good because
I have a cool guy to join me.
The numbers are on the fridge. Please.
What do you want?
Iron pot bibimbap.
She's very special
and very pretty.
Room 964. Thank you.
What's this? Oh my god.
Hey! What? No way!
I'm not done washing up my hair.
That feels good. I feel much better.
Have you ordered food?
Why are you looking at me like that?
Did you finish washing your hair?
The water was cut off at 4:00 p.m.
It’s so cold. Shall I heat it uo for you?
I'm fine.
I want to ask…
Don't.
You know what my question is?
I can see that you're going to make fun of me.
How? It’s only a handsome look.
What do you want to ask?
Did you miss me?
Of course. What about you?
I missed you a lot. Like a man.
Thank you
for not making fun of me about my hair.
Let's have coffee at the movies.
Okay.
I need to drink some water.
Hey!
Every time I come to the cinem,
this is my favorite moment I feel the most excited.
Just before the lights go out.
This is my most excited moment
that I'm with a beautiful lady before the lights go out.
Not a senior citizen?
The light is so dark.  I mistake you to be beautiful.
You shouted at me earlier.
So?
How old are you?
You already know my age from my history sheet.
Well, you made fun of me first.
So… I’m the older.
I was joking. I'm older than you.
I don't think so.
Show me your ID card.
I was worried that you might be a minor.
Yes, sir.
Captain Yoo Shi Jin.
Understood.
What's going on?
I think I have to go now.
Now?
Yes. I'm sorry.
Am I being stood up again?
I'm so sorry.
Let's watch this movie next time.
We can leave here together.
No. I'm going to finish. You can go.
Why don't we watch it together?
No, I'm good. You can go.
I'll call you later.
Mo Yeon, it's me.
I wasn't going to bother you. But…
Did you call her?
How could I not?
I thought Kang Mo Yeon would get the position.
No one doubted that Kim Eun Ji would get the position this time.
The previous two were her seniors,
but Doctor Kim is in the same age with her.
Kang Mo Yeon will be so mad.
Dr.Kang has been nearly living in the OR
That’s the reason why I think she’s so pathetic.
She shouldn't have lived in the OR.
She should be like the flowers in a greenhouse.
I heard that Kim Eun Ji's father is a big
shareholder of the Haesung Group.
Kang Mo Yeon doesn’t.
How can it be? You should judge a doctor by his ability.
It doesn't matter how good you are.
Doctors should be rich, and then physical.
So you said they did it right?
I'm not saying it's  acceptable…
You said it'd be me. You promised.
This is my third time.
On my first try, you said I was too young.
On my second try, you said you need to help
those who helped you with your papers.
How dare you!
Do I owe you a professor position?
If you said that, I have nothing else to say.
Yes, I know family background is also a skill.
Then who's next?
A minister's son-in-law? Or the president's niece?
After three tries, I thought there is at least one time
I can depend on my professional skills.
I thought you may not want a fourth chance,Dr.Kang
Dr.Kang.
Director.
Professor Kim. We're done talking here.
Give the materials of TV show
to Dr.Kang,
and come to Professor Park's office.
We can all take his car.
Yes, sir. I'll be right there.
-Sir! -Hey!
You have to be on the show for me tomorrow.
I need to have dinner with my fellow professors.
Are you asking me to fill in for you?
Why not? You need to listen to
what a professor ask.
Don't make a fool out of yourself. It’s a live show.
Learn this by heart.
The hospital is paying lots of money for that show.
What if I said I don't?
Try it. You'll find out what happens.
You're having dinner tonight. But your show is tomorrow.
Why do I have to do it?
Hey, I'm going to get drunk to celebrate becoming a professor.
I don't think I can get up in the morning.
You bitch.
Aren't you ashamed of yourself?
Yes, I am.
However, I got this professor position.
You worked your butt off and what did you get?
You bitch!
- What? - You heard me.
I said You're a bitch.
I feel bad for your patients.
Stop!
So you're ashamed of yourself.
That's making me more furious.
- How dare you! - Let go! Let go!
- You let go! - Let go!
I'll do everything I can to stop you from becoming a professor.
Are you crazy? Let go!
- You let go first - Let go!
Are you crazy?
Let go off me.
Hey, hey.
What are you two doing?
Let go! Both of you!
What have I done?
I must be crazy.
For a patient with arrhythmia...
For a patient with arrhythmia…
A 12 lead EKG should…
Why can't I remember?
For a patient with arrhythmia...
For a patient with arrhythmia,
a 12 lead EKG…
Good job, everyone!
Thank you, sir! –Thank you.
Until roll call, check your weapons thoroughly.
- Yes, sir! - Yes, sir!
- Attention! - At ease!
At ease!
All of you, at ease.
Thank you for filling in for Bravo Team.
Good job.
Was anyone hurt?
No, sir. No one was injured.
Thank you.
Alpha Team
work hard in the operation at home and abroad.
So as your commanding officer,
I have decided to send Alpha Team
on an eight-month long vacation.
To where, sir?
To Uruk where Taebaek Unit is stationed.
For two weeks before training,
you can visit your girlfriends and families.
Get out of here as soon as possible. Dismissed.
Yes, sir!
Why are we getting a vacation for eight months?
We're being dispatched. That's our vacation.
We'll support the regular troops.
Maybe we won't encounter any emergency fights.
Then we can take a rest there.
Yes.
Bravos.
Is Dr.Kang Mo Yeon in the OR at the moment?
She didn’t answer her phone.
Dr.Kang's right there.
It's a live show.
There are different types.
When you get older, the odds increase.
How do you treat a patient with arrhythmia?
When we treat a patient with arrhythmia,
we have a new EPS test
and a new way of diagnosing
that can minimize the side effects.
I see.
I heard this was your first time on a show.
You don't seem to be nervous at all.
Your explanations are really easy to follow as well.
I'm shaking like crazy. I
guess it doesn't show.
I'm sorry that I left you alone that day.
I don't want an apology but explanation.
Where did you go this time?
Went ti take a chopperagain?
No. I didn't go far this time.
Because of regulations,
I can't tell you the details.
Right.
You're not a spy, are you?
I had a very long day though, I thought about you now and then.
The guy dated with me.
What does he do?
Now I'm with you,
but you said you can't tell me
because of regulations.
I'm sorry.
Are you with the Special Forces or something?
Something like that.
You said you shovel.
But actually you have a gunshot wound,
which means you've been shot.
and that you can use a gun.
So…
You may kill or be killed.
Is that what you do?
Do you only deal with bad guys?
I spend over 12 hours
in the OR every day
to save people who're about to die.
That's what I do. I fight to save lives.
But your fight
is to save people by killing others.
I'm a soldier.
Soldiers need to follow orders.
Even though what I believe
might not receive
the support of others,
I will try my best to complete my mission.
Till now
I've lost three of my fellow soldiers.
But someone needs to do these things.
So I will continue to do this job.
Me and my families,
you and you families,
and those important to our families.
I believe my job will
protect the freedom and peace in this country.
I'm a doctor.
I believe in the dignity of life
and there's no value or ideology that surpasses that.
Right.
I'm sorry...
But this isn't what I expected.
I understand.
I have to go.
Nice meeting you.
Take care.
You came back early.
Why are you here?
You're not going to see Myung Joo before you leave?
You won't be able to see her
for over six months.
Did you see that doctor?
Pass me the razor.
I heard that there are lots of pretty girls in Uruk.
Kim Tae Hee in the rice field. Sistar members in the vineyard.
I’m a real man
-Handsome man –Handsome
-I'm a real man -I'm an awesome man
Left! Left! One, two!
Are you taking a nap?
I was thinking about our duty of keeping peace as soldiers.
Would you like some iced coffee?
I prefer mineral water.
This is Piccolo. An unidentified
explosive was detected on the B4 Line.
An unidentified explosive was detected.
It's an 82mm high explosive.
It looks like it was used by Russia
during the Sino-Soviet border conflict.
The fuse is still intact.
The kill radius is pretty high. We have to be careful.
I've finished the basic process.
What should I do with it?
If we report it to the commander,
he'll tell us not to touch it
and to get cooperation from the US army.
Sergeant Choi Woo Geun, what's my motto?
Easygoing, carefree, a
nd no headaches.
Sergeant Im Kwang Nam. What causes headaches?
First, letters asking for cooperation!
Second, letters asking for cooperation!
Third, letters asking for cooperation!
The end.
Let the US Army protect the earth.
Don't bother them.
We'll take care of this.
I, the commanding officer, will take full responsibility.
Who is it? Who did this?
Just because you're on your own far away from headquarters,
do you think you can just ignore your superiors?
I’ve told you to manage blind shells only
and to let the US EOD take care of
explosives with still-intact fuses.
Who was it?
Who the heck is responsible for this?
As far as I remember, my deputy
didn't stop me.
Why didn't you stop me?
What’re you doing?
You know how much I love writing
letters asking for cooperation. How could you…
I thought he has finished the letter asking for cooperation.
Because... because...
He's an eloquent writer.
He's like Tolstoy
when it comes to writing letters.
You idiots. Both of you pack up your kits!
They're here! They're here!
Attention. Go!
- Keep up the good work! - Keep up the good work!
Don't you think physical punishment is better than writing a letter?
Do you really want to the punishment?
She's  elegant as usual.
The best way to prevent it
is with regular checkups, right?
Yes.
There's this carotid ultrasound
in the health checkup program...
Chairman Choi of the Seongjin Group took food today,
and he felt much better.
The wife of the Yoo Seong Electronics’ CEO is hospitalized again.
She's back? Why?
She just left yesterday.
The CEO's legal wife came back and kicked her out.
What?
Those people mistake our hospital as hotels.
Let's go and see our VIP patients.
Yes.
The patent-related lawsuits
our company is involved in are so stressful.
Something’s wrong with my body.
Out of all the problems,
this is most urgent. My new girlfriend…
I don’t know if
it’s because she’s so young. I felt so laborious
Why don't you date an older woman then?
Why would I waste money on an old women?
Did you get the results?
Ah, yes.
He's your biological grandson, sir.
Right.
Well… Can you test this as well?
Turkey ham and seafood sandwich
to go, please.
And one more chocolate chip cookies.
Any vegetables you don’t like?
No. All vegetables, please.
With honey oat bread.
By the way,
you look prettier in person than on TV.
Do you want me to heat up the bread?
Yes, please. Thank you.
Look who's here!
Isn't it Professor Kang Mo Yeon,
who's working in the Emergency Room
and seldom appear here in public ward?
Because of me, your workload is heavier.
This is a bribe.
I put olives for you.
Thank you.
You never know with life.
When you were working your butt off in the OR,
your life wasn't going well.
After you drop down your scalpel and put up maicrophone,
you're the face of Haesung Hospital
and a professor taking care of VIPs.
A ham sandwich for me.
I can't get my head around it either.
We never know how our life gonna change.
By the way, on the show's message board,
people said you're even more beautiful than the female host,
Did you write them?
I didn't.
If you didn't write them,
you're not curious who did this?
His nickname is Doc. Song.
Doc. Song?
Right! Doctor. Song.
Did you write them?
Have some more.
Unbelievable! Shame on you!
You still introduce yourself as a surgeon.
What are you looking at?
I'm looking at you.
You're not a surgeon either.
You're just your father's daughter.
A surgeon should be in the OR,
not a dressing room.
Neither you nor I are in the OR.
I'm busy and you're not good enough.
Don’t be aggressive. You can be on the show
due to being my sustitue.
Stop being jealous. You got fired when I showed up.
You think you're a big shot, huh?
You think you own the entire world?
How can I own the entire world when it's so big?
I just took back what was mine after you stole it from me.
Why don't you leave me alone
and focus on your life?
-I have to go. -Bye.
Hey! Hey!
So annoying.
I'll come back in full health.
Let's go to a movie together.
Quick! I have no time.
Yes or no?
Did you miss me?
Of course. What about you?
I missed you a lot. Like a man.
This is our first date.
I want to set the mood.
I'll put it here.
Why don’t put it in the middle?
Women always need back light.
I want the light behind me to make me look prettier..
Don't move.
I calculated the angle of your sight line as well.
By the way, you're injured again.
Was it shoveling again?
What do you think the odds are that you'd hurt your face while shoveling?
I didn't think so. Right?
I was able to pull it off.
You're too busy to wash your hair?
I practically live in the OR.
Do you know how sexy I am in the OR?
Even if you see me like that,
I'm still really pretty.
I want to go out with that person.
Where is she now?
Hey.
I haven't had a chance to be sexy lately.
What are you doing?
Sir! I’m Kim Ki Bum!
I'm digging a drainage ditch.
That's not what I'm asking.
Give it to me!
If you dig like that, you won't get anywhere.
Look!
Hold it here and use your shoulders and lower back.
Like this…
I was being careful not to hurt myself.
Oh! You're bleeding.
Geez. I actually got hurt while shoveling.
Stay still.
You need to get treated.
Look at this…
Attention! At ease!
Attention!
What's going on?
Why did you bring this idiot with you?
To a country far, far away?
I find him adorable.
What do you need? Just say that.
I need some wine and fresh cream.
Today's Staff Sergeant Gong's birthday
and he wants to cook steak.
He is an excellent cook.
Right. It's his birthday today.
You’re in charge of supplying wine. I’ll cover you.
I'm getting whipped cream ready. Just wait a bit.
- Yeah, no problem. - Sure thing.
This is why I come here.
She winked at me.
Don't flatter yourself.
Did you get what I asked you?
Treat it with care. Girl.
It's quite heavy. How do you use it?
Are you scared? It works.
Korean?
I speak Korean, but it doesn't mean I'm Korea
Give it to me! That's mine!
A gun isn't a dog who knows its owner.
This gun can hurt anyone.
Why did you buy a gun you can't even handle?
I didn't buy it to kill people.
I bought it to protect myself
What a snob!
Can we let her take the gun?
It's not illegal to own a gun here.
Who was that? Not a tourist. A new face?
There are two things that we don't sell here.
Women and information.
There's your whipped cream.
Uruk? Where is Uruk?
It's at the end of the Balkan Peninsula.
At the west.
Did Haesung Group build
an environmentally friendly power plant there?
They said it's volunteer work.
No idea who will be assigned there.
It must be someone hasno money and no strings to pull.
That's me.
I have no money, no strings to pull, and no luck.
This is crazy.
You're warmhearted
and good-looking.
Really? Am I?
I'll join the medical services team.
Doctor Jang said I could go.
Stop.
She's having a baby soon. You can't go.
If she loves you, she won't let you go.
She said this would be my last chance before our baby is born.
So she asked me to go first.
Geez.
Why did a rich boy like you are so diligent?
You should've lived like Bill Gates.
Professor Kang.
Make your time tonight
to have dinner with me.
Did the Mr.Han of our hospital
just ask me out?
- Oh my! - I know. Oh my god.
What does rising star Kang Mo Yeon need the most at the moment?
- A fan club? - Please. A political marriage.
A political marriage!
I feel like an important person.
No way!
He's been divorced once.
Then doesn’t Dr.Kang waste her life?
What are you talking about?
Is she young? Are her parents rich?
For someone who doesn't have a rich family,
a divorce man is of her benefits.
Right?
Should I move up in social class?
What are you doing? Have a seat.
Are we having dinner here?
You think we’re here
only for the dinner?
You said we were going to the Sky Lounge.
Sky. Lounge. Here it is.
What else do you need?
Good manners? And I may be foolish to expect it from you,
but romance?
Are you the romantic type?
You know I'm very direct and impatient.
We can order dinner.
Until food gets here, why don't you have a shower?
Or do you want me to go first?
That's better. Come on.
What are you doing?
- Are you going to hit me? - Yes.
Did you really hit him?
I almost killed him.
Do you think he'll fire me?
I'm the star of Haesung Hospital.
But he's the Mr.Han of the hospital.
Right?
I need to attend the meeting.
How can I face him?
Give him a dirty look. Give him the dirtiest look.
If you stare at him hard enough, you can hurt him.
What if he falls for me even more?
That's what I'm worried about.
The next item in the agenda is...
the medical services team to Uruk.
I was thinking about taking volunteers,
but I want to send our best doctors
I've decided to assign Professor Kang Mo Yeon,
the star of Haesung Hospital,
as the leader of the medical services team.
It's not a five-star hotel or anything,
but you will have clean dorms.
Please accept it, Professor Kang.
You never know with life.
Did you see the list of the medical services team?
Yes, I did.
The leader of the team is that doctor, right?
Yes, it's her.
Does she know that you're here?
I don't think so.
I guess you two weren't supposed to just pass by.
I guess we're not just passing ships in the night.
Why did you have to drag me here?
They said they have send some UN solders to help us.
Let's wait here.
We're waiting,
but it's too hot. It's freaking hot.
You don't know with life.
I don't know.
Hello?
Who's this?
Chairmen? What Mr.Han?
Han what?
Han Suk Won?
If you're Han Suk Won, you're...
Why…
Hello, sir.
My phone didn’t connect well.
Yes. We just arrived at Uruk Airport.
Yes, I'll put Dr.Kang on the phone.
Why didn't you answer your phone?
This is Kang Mo Yeon.
Isn't it hot there?
If you've had a change of mind, let me know.
I have so many excuses to bring you back to Korea.
No, thanks.
I knew you were a jerk when you lured me into a hotel room
but I didn't think you'd be this low and despicable.
Mr.Han,
I’m telling you.
Now I'm a celebrity.
and have so many VIP customers.
I think this is the perfect time for me to open up my own hospital.
As soon as I get back to Korea,
I'll throw my letter of resignation in your face.
Just wait and see.
Do you understand?
Now you know.
That's why I ended up here.
Here comes the chopper.
I guess we're not just passing ships in the night.
Next Episode
Lieutenant Yoon Myung Joo's coming.
Here?
-Don't move! -What is it? A mine?
How have you been?
Are you still sexy in the OR
There's been a car accident on a mountain road.
Hang in there. I'll find you.
I'm sorry that you were disrupted while worrying about me.
FPCON2 is in effect in the Medical Zone.
We should never get involved.
If the patient dies...
What is it?
We can take it
as the doctor’s fault.